-Welcome, welcome, welcome
to "The Tonight Show"!
You're here. You made it.
Thank you for watching.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Well, guys, it is Election Day,
and the big race everyone's
following is who will be
the next mayor of New York City.
Today, New Yorkers walked
into the voting booth
like, "Friggin' Cuomo
or friggin' Mamdani?
Which one flows better?"
[ Laughter ]
"Friggin' Cuomo.
No, friggin' Mamdani."
"What? This traffic here.
Friggin' Mamdani"?
[ Laughter ]
"Friggin' de Blasio."
Right before the election,
Elon Musk endorsed
Andrew Cuomo for mayor,
or, as Cuomo put it,
"Not helping."
[ Laughter ]
Meanwhile, President Trump
also endorsed Andrew Cuomo,
and Cuomo's like, "Okay,
that's enough endorsements.
Okay?"
[ Laughter ]
"We have Charles Manson
on the phone."
"No, no, no more endorsements!"
[ Laughter ]
Speaking of Trump,
a new poll shows
that his approval rating
has hit a record low of 37%.
[ Scattered groans ]
37%.
To be honest,
I don't think Trump cares.
He spent all day walking around
saying, "3-7, 3-7, 3-7, 3-7."
[ Laughter ]
But Trump's staff came up with
a list of policies
to boost his popularity.
They were like,
"Would Melania be cool with you
dating Katy Perry?"
And he's like...
[ Laughter ]
Let's get right
to some happier news, though.
Tonight was an all-new episode
of "Dancing With the Stars,"
and we've --
[ Cheers and applause ]
We've all been rooting
for our pal.
Robert Irwin is awesome
this season.
I really love -- I love
"Dancing With the Stars."
-Same, same.
It's probably my favorite
Bruce Springsteen song.
[ Laughter ]
-No, that's
"Dancing in the Dark."
I'm talking about
"Dancing With the Stars."
-Oh, right, right.
Wait. Is it when
people browse the offerings
at a Honda dealership?
-No, that's
glancing at the cars.
We're talking about
"Dancing With the Stars."
-Oh, right, right.
Oh, wait, wait.
Is it when you run a marathon?
-No, that's panting really hard.
This is
"Dancing With the Stars."
-Oh, right.
Wait.
Is it when you take a smoke
break in Michigan's capital?
-No,
that's Lansing with cigars.
This is
"Dancing With the Stars."
-Is it when that group of
long-haired brothers
sings "MMMBop"?
-No, that's Hanson with guitars.
[ Laughter ]
-Is it when you sign up
to go to space with Elon Musk?
-That's chancing it on Mars.
[ Laughter ]
-When you go for a jog
with Aladdin's nemesis.
-That's prancing with Jafar.
[ Laughter ]
-When Trump slides
into Putin's DMs.
-That's romancing with the Tsar.
[ Laughter ]
-When you spot a delicious
Cinnabon at the airport?
-That's an
entrancing ball of lard.
[ Laughter ]
-When you go golfing with
former House Speaker Pelosi?
-That's Nancy with the pars.
[ Laughter ]
-[High-pitched voice] When your
expensive fish eggs go bad?
[ Laughter ]
-That's rancid caviars.
-When you defend an unpopular
Star Wars character.
-That's standing with Jar Jar.
[ Laughter ]
-How about when you belt out
a sea song
with a group of pirates?
-That's shanty with the arrr's.
[ Laughter ]
-Hang on.
I think I got it.
But is it the popular
reality show
that's captivated the nation?
-Yes!
-Awesome. I love "Is It Cake?"
-No that's not --
No, it's a different --
I'll talk to you later.
I'll -- I'll talk to you later.
[ Applause ]
Well, switching gears,
Subway just released
new holiday sandwiches,
including a TurHamKen.
[ Laughter ]
Which is...
Which is a combo of turkey,
ham, and chicken.
Yeah, the TurHamKen features
three types of meat,
just like their tuna.
[ Laughter ]
-Oh!
[ Rimshot ]
-Friggin' Mamdani.
[ Laughter ]
Friggin'...
Not to be outdone,
Blimpie just released
a TurJerkZyn as a combination
of turkey, beef jerky,
and Zyn pouches.
Oh, no.
[ Laughter ]
And finally, police
in South Carolina arrested a man
who was allegedly nude and doing
donuts in a church parking lot.
[ Laughter ]
I'm sorry.
Allegedly nude?
[ Laughter ]
That's a real shock
to your manhood
when they say "allegedly nude."
"Is he naked? I don't know.
Look at the picture.
What do you think?
I don't know."
Guy stepped out of his car,
and the police were like,
"Whoa, hey,
cover up your TurHamKen."
We have a great show, everybody.
Give it up for The Roots
right there!
♪♪
-♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ New York City ♪
♪♪
-Oh! Come on.
-Oh! Hello!
-Welcome to the show,
everybody.
Uh, hey, guys, last year,
I put out a Christmas album,
called "Holiday Seasoning,"
and we are, uh...
[ Cheers and applause ]
-Ooh!
[ Audience "Oohs" ]
-Yeah. And we're hitting
that time of year again
where the holiday seasoning
has begun.
People are getting decorations,
making plans for Thanksgiving.
It's happening.
So I'm happy to announce
that my new channel on Sirius XM
is starting today --
Channel 15, Jimmy Fallon's
Holiday Seasoning Radio.
[ Cheers and applause ]
This is the best.
It's so much fun.
I get to play holiday music.
I have classics,
I got comedy ones.
There's some new playlists,
the songs you might
not have heard,
celebrity holiday stories
from a lot of my friends.
And there's even a hotline
where you can leave a voicemail
and make a request,
or tell me a funny story,
or ask me questions.
Go to
SiriusXM.com/HolidayHotline.
It's super fun.
Check out channel 15
on Sirius XM
and get seasoning now
through December 26th, live!
-Oh!
[ Cheers and applause ]
-We have a great show
for you tonight.
He stars in the film
"Nuremberg,"
which opens in theaters
this Friday.
Rami Malek is here.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Oh, he's fantastic.
-She executive-produced,
wrote, and stars
in the new show "I Love L.A.,"
on HBO and HBO Max.
Rachel Sennott is joining us.
[ Cheers and applause ]
He's a three-time
NBA all-star forward
from the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Julius Randle is here tonight!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Jules!
And we got great stand-up
from Nick Murphy.
[ Cheers and applause ]
He's funny.
[ Applause ]
Great show.
Guys, life can be complicated,
but it's not hard
to make it simple.
In fact, everything
can be broken down
into three simple steps.
I'll show you what I mean.
It's time for
"Three Simple Steps."
Here we go.
-♪ Three Simple Steps ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Three Simple Steps ♪
-All right, so our first topic
is Ordering an Uber.
All right. Let's break it --
Let's break it down
into three simple steps.
Step one --
type in your destination.
-Oh, yeah.
-Step two,
pick the ride that says
the wait is 6 minutes.
Step three -- wait 19 minutes.
It's very -- it's simple.
-It's simple.
-It's a simple three --
-Three simple steps.
-Yeah.
Up next, we have
Destination Weddings.
All right. Step one --
get the invitation.
Step two -- look up how much
flights and hotels cost.
Step three -- just send a
blender and say you got COVID.
It's very simple.
-Yeah, three steps.
You got it.
-Very easy to do.
Here's another one.
How about this?
Setting Up a Tinder Profile.
Step one -- download the app.
Step two --
type in your interests.
Step three -- add a photo of you
next to your ugliest friend.
That's it. It's very simple.
Three --
-Yeah. Compartmentalize.
-It only takes three.
-Three steps. That's it.
-Yeah.
Up next, we have
Assembling Ikea Furniture.
Step one -- lay the pieces out.
Step two --
follow the instructions.
Step three -- tell everyone
you actually prefer
a leaning bookcase.
[ Laughter and applause ]
It's cool.
-Yeah. Love it.
-Modern.
Next up, we have
Using a Self-Checkout Machine.
Step one -- assemble your items.
Step two -- scan each one.
Step three -- accidentally tap
white onion instead of
yellow onion
and serve three years in prison.
"What's the big deal?"
-Here's another one.
This is a good one.
Taking a nap.
-Okay.
Step one -- lie down.
Step two --
close your eyes for a minute.
Step three...
[ Laughter, cheers, applause ]
Up next, we have
Booking an Airbnb.
Step one --
find a cute cabin in the woods.
Step two -- reserve your dates.
Step three...
[ Laughter ]
[ Applause ]
"I'll let you in.
I'll let you in.
Come on."
-"I got cameras."
-"We'll go in through
the basement."
[ Laughter ]
And finally, we have
Giving Tourists Directions.
Step one -- confidently
tell them where to go.
Step two -- realize you sent
them in the wrong direction.
Step three...
Where'd they go?
That's all for
"Three Simple Steps."
We'll be right back with the
"Tonight Show One Shot Jackpot."